---
description: Generate great doc system for this project
---

Now we need to construct a documentation system for the current project to facilitate subsequent AI Agent Coding.

Your steps:

1. Obtain the current project structure.
2. Read key files, such as various README.md / package.json / go.mod / pyproject.toml ...
3. Consider dividing exploration tasks according to the project's modules, and then Concurrently use scout agents to perform exploration tasks. The scout agents will ultimately produce report documents and the storage paths of the documents.(socut agent will automatically generate the file path and save it, please never specify the path in the Task's prompt!!!)
4. Read the documentation generated by scout, and concurrently call the recorder agent, allowing each recorder agent to focus on writing a specific module (for example, assigning tasks according to architecture/features/modules/guides/sop/...), When calling the `recorder` agent, pass in the path of the document generated in the previous step, along with the information you know, to let `recorder` initially build the document system and ask recorder be careful not to speculate; everything should be based on factual evidence.
5. Check if <projectRootPath>/llmdoc/index.md exists. If it exists, verify whether the documents listed in it actually exist. For any that do not exist, continue to call the recorder agent, passing in the file path generated by the scout from the previous step, to generate the missing documents.
6. Delete <projectRootPath>/llmdoc/agent/*.md. These research documents have been fully converted into more readable structured documents and can be deleted. And delete relatied content in index.md.